ok now it's really going to be all so
Snow White is coming out on DVD and
blu-ray disc october six go reserve your
copy at your local disney store of snow
white two discs i'm doing this
promotions that stuff and i'm not even
working and honestly I didn't even get
it but that's because I'm not a big fan
of the snow white movie however we got
the new reusable shopping bag and it is
gorgeous or just pulled my computer
board but look at that Queen she looks
like queen bee and the colors are just
amazing man I love it love it love it I
love this bad and although i'm not a big
fan of the smoke keep moving although
i'm not a big fan of the snow white
movie I just think the colors of Snow
White is so rich and like rich bold I
don't know the words for it like the
snow white halloween costumes that we're
selling its I think it's the prettiest
one prettier than Princess Aurora
Sleeping Beauty be and I love the color
pink you know pink anything I'll
probably want but um I really think the
snow white costume looks better and the
limited edition doll oh my goodness that
dress was just gorgeous I don't know
it's just the colors of Snow White i
absolutely adore and oh man I love that
Queen wow I love it love it love it she
looks like a total bitch she kick your
ass and I like that I appreciate that in
people so yeah I wanted to show off the
bag but then I wanted to show off what I
got inside it this is for my boyfriend
Mike Wazowski football plush I got him
one for solid and probably featured him
in another video of mine but I got a
huge sully and i love Sally from
monsters inc and I got my boyfriend I
got him the the mini one that came in a
as a football player and I found the
Mike Wazowski one they had it before but
when I went to buy it because now it's
on sale when I went to buy the sully one
I couldn't find Mike Wazowski but now
they have it and it's really cute there
was a serious sale on stuff I didn't buy
this for me i bought this for my knees
but as of right now these tween shirts
are like five dollars an additional
twenty five percent off so high school
musical for my seventh no not even seven
six year old niece and then I had the
other thing I wanted to show you i love
it this is the reason why i bought stuff
at this at work this thing I absolutely
had to buy it is the new
thanksgiving-themed plush doll or one
part of the collection and it is stitch
dressed up as a turkey how effing cute
is that any other fork like he's about
to eat himself oh my god isn't that just
too cute they also had Minnie and Mickey
dressed up like pilgrims and Blair and
is that I mean I don't know whatever the
name is cat is I don't remember this
movie aristocrats whatever and the dog
another dog they're dressed up as
Indians but oh god look how cute he is
adorable adorable and I bought all these
because it was buy one get one free yeah
so you guys love Disney walk on the
store at least my store it has serious
sales going on Halloween costumes
clothing buy one get one free flush like
even the gigantic ones the large ones
are buy one get one free so yeah he's
just too cute is the reason why I wanted
to make this video to show how adorable
turkey stitches
okay all right now I'm done